U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services 
Office of the Director 
Camp Springs, MD 20588-0009 
December 19, 2022 PA-2022-27 
Policy Alert 
SUBJECT: Public Charge Ground of Inadmissibility 
Purpose 
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) is issuing policy guidance in the USCIS Policy 
Manual to address the public charge ground of inadmissibility under section 212(a)(4) of the 
Immigration and Nationality Act (INA). 
Background 
Under INA 212(a)(4), an applicant for a visa, admission, or adjustment of status who is likely at any 
time to become a public charge, is inadmissible. The INA does not define public charge. It does, 
however, specify that, at a minimum, certain factors must be considered when determining whether a 
noncitizen is likely at any time to become a public charge. 
On September 9, 2022, DHS published a final rule that, among other provisions, defines “likely at 
any time to become a public charge” as “likely at any time to become primarily dependent on the 
government for subsistence, as demonstrated by either the receipt of public cash assistance for 
income maintenance or long-term institutionalization at government expense.”
1 
Like the final rule, this guidance, contained in Volume 8 of the Policy Manual, will be implemented 
beginning on December 23, 2022, and applies prospectively to applications for adjustment of status 
postmarked (or submitted electronically, if applicable) on or after that date. On that date, the final rule 
and this policy update will supersede the public charge inadmissibility guidance found in the 1999 
Interim Field Guidance and any related guidance addressing public charge inadmissibility.
2 For 
applications postmarked (or submitted electronically, if applicable) before December 23, 2022, 
USCIS will continue to apply the public charge ground of inadmissibility consistent with the statute 
and the 1999 Interim Field Guidance. The guidance contained in the Policy Manual supersedes any 
related prior guidance on the topic. 
Policy Highlights 
1 See 8 CFR 212.21(a). See Public Charge Ground of Inadmissibility, 87 FR 55472 (Sept. 9, 2022) (final rule). 
2 See Field Guidance on Deportability and Inadmissibility on Public Charge Grounds, 64 FR 28689 (May 26, 1999) 
(notice). Due to a printing error, the Federal Register version of the field guidance appears to be dated “March 26, 
1999” even though the guidance was actually signed May 20, 1999, became effective May 21, 1999, and was published 
in the Federal Register on May 26, 1999. 
To provide feedback on this update, email USCIS at policyfeedback@uscis.dhs.gov. 

PA-2022-27: Public Charge Ground of Inadmissibility 
Page: 2 
• Describes the regulatory definitions, including “likely at any time to become a public charge” 
for purposes of inadmissibility determinations under INA 212(a)(4). 
• Reiterates the categories of applicants who are exempt from, or may obtain a waiver of, the 
public charge inadmissibility ground.  
• Reiterates the minimum factors USCIS considers in a public charge inadmissibility 
determination. 
• Reiterates that the types of public benefits that USCIS considers in the public charge 
inadmissibility determination are limited to public cash assistance for income maintenance and 
long-term institutionalization at government expense, and provides a non-exhaustive list of the 
types of programs that are not considered in the public charge inadmissibility determination. 
• Describes how USCIS considers long-term institutionalization at government expense. 
• Reiterates that no one factor, other than the lack of a sufficient Affidavit of Support Under 
Section 213A of the INA (Form I-864 or Form I-864EZ), if required, can be the sole basis for 
determining whether a noncitizen is likely at any time to become a public charge. 
• Provides scenarios to illustrate the practical application of the totality of the circumstances 
analysis used in the public charge inadmissibility determination. 
• Describes the public charge bond process for an applicant who files an Application to Register 
Permanent Residence or Adjust Status (Form I-485) with USCIS and who has been found 
inadmissible only on the public charge ground and invited to post a public charge bond. 
Summary of Changes 
Affected Section: Volume 8 > Part G, Public Charge Ground of Inadmissibility 
• Adds new Chapters 1-12 and removes obsolete historical appendices. 
Citation 
Volume 8: Admissibility, Part G, Public Charge Ground of Inadmissibility [8 USCIS-PM G].