Draft
Not for 
Reproduction
02/21/2025
Instructions for Petition for Alien Fiancé(e) 
Department of Homeland Security
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services
USCIS
 Form I-129F
OMB No. 1615-0001
Expires 03/31/2027
What is the Purpose of Form I-129F?
Use this petition to classify:
1. Your alien fiancé(e) as a K-1 nonimmigrant so that he or she may enter the United States to marry you and pursue 
adjustment of status to lawful permanent resident; or
2. Your alien spouse as a K-3 nonimmigrant, so that he or she may enter the United States to await the availability of an 
immigrant visa and pursue adjustment of status to lawful permanent resident.
NOTE:  A child (unmarried and under 21 years of age) of a K-1 or K-3 nonimmigrant may apply for a nonimmigrant 
visa to accompany or follow-to-join the K-1 or K-3 parent.  You do not need to file a separate petition to classify the child 
as a K nonimmigrant.  Children of K-1s are classified as K-2 nonimmigrants, and children of K-3s are classified as K-4 
nonimmigrants.
NOTE:  A K-4 nonimmigrant is only eligible to adjust to lawful permanent resident status if he or she is under 18 years 
of age when you and the K-3 parent marry and you file Form I-130, Petition for Alien Relative, on the K-4’s behalf before 
the K-4 reaches 21 years of age.
Who May File Form I-129F?
You may file this petition if you are a U.S. citizen and:
1. You and your fiancé(e):
A. Are legally free to marry and intend to marry within 90 days of your fiancé(e)’s admission to the United States; 
and
B. Have met each other in person within the two years immediately before you filed this petition, unless you establish 
that either:
(1) The requirement to meet your fiancé(e) in person would violate strict and long-established customs of your 
fiancé(e)’s foreign culture or social practice, and that any and all aspects of the traditional arrangements have 
been or will be met in accordance with the custom or practice; or
(2) The requirement to meet your fiancé(e) in person would result in extreme hardship to you; or
2. You have filed or are filing Form I-130 on behalf of your spouse and wish to have your spouse enter as a 
nonimmigrant to await the immediate availability of an immigrant visa and to file for adjustment of status.
NOTE:  If you have children with your beneficiary, they might have acquired U.S. citizenship through you.  Check the 
U.S. Department of State (DOS) website at http://travel.state.gov for more information.
General Instructions
We provide free forms through the USCIS website.  To view, print, or complete our forms, you should use the latest 
version of Adobe Reader, which you can download for free at http://get.adobe.com/reader/.  If you do not have internet 
access, you may call the USCIS Contact Center and ask that we mail a form to you.
Signature.  You (or your signing authority) must properly complete your petition. USCIS will not accept a stamped or 
typewritten name in place of any signature on this petition.  If you are under 14 years of age, your parent or legal guardian 
may sign the petition on your behalf.  A legal guardian may also sign for a mentally incompetent person.  If your petition 
is not signed, or if the signature is not valid, we will reject your petition. See 8 CFR 103.2(a)(7)(ii)(A).  If USCIS accepts 
a request for adjudication and determines that it has a deficient signature, USCIS may deny the request.
Validity of Signatures.  USCIS will consider a photocopied, faxed, or scanned copy of an original handwritten signature 
as valid for filing purposes.  The photocopy, fax, or scan must be of the original document containing the handwritten ink 
signature. 
Filing Fee.  See Form G-1055, available at www.uscis.gov/forms, for specific information about the fees applicable to 
this form.
Evidence.  When you file your petition, you must submit all evidence and supporting documents listed in the What 
Evidence Must You Submit and/or Specific Instructions sections of these Instructions.
Biometric Services Appointment.  USCIS may require you to appear for an interview or provide biometrics (fingerprints, 
photograph, and/or signature) at any time to verify your identity, obtain additional information, and conduct background 
and security checks, including a check of criminal history records maintained by the Federal Bureau of Investigation 
(FBI), before making a decision on your application or petition.  If we determine that a biometric services appointment 
is necessary, we will send you an appointment notice with the date, time, and location of your appointment.  If you are 
currently overseas, your notice will instruct you to contact a U.S. Embassy, U.S. Consulate, or USCIS office outside the 
United States to schedule an appointment.  
At your biometrics appointment, you must sign an oath reaffirming that: 
1. You provided or authorized all information in the petition; 
2. You reviewed and understood all of the information contained in, and submitted with, your petition; and
3. All of this information was complete, true, and correct at the time of filing.
If you do not attend your biometric services appointment, we may deny your petition.
Copies.  You should submit legible photocopies of requested documents unless the Instructions specifically instruct you to 
submit an original document.  USCIS may request an original document at any time during our process.  If we request an 
original document from you, we will return it to you after USCIS determines it no longer needs the original.
NOTE:  If you submit original documents when they are not required or requested, USCIS may destroy them after we 
receive them.
Translations.  If you submit a document with information in a foreign language, you must also submit a full English 
translation.  The translator must sign a certification that the English language translation is complete and accurate, and 
that he or she is competent to translate from the foreign language into English.  The certification must also include the 
translator’s signature, printed name, the signature date, and the translator’s contact information.
USCIS Contact Center.  For additional information on the petition and Instructions about where to file, change of 
address, and other questions, visit the USCIS Contact Center at www.uscis.gov/contactcenter or call at 800-375-5283 
(TTY 800-767-1833).  The USCIS Contact Center provides information in English and Spanish.
Disability Accommodations/Modifications.  To request a disability accommodation/modification, follow the instructions 
on your appointment notice or at www.uscis.gov/accommodationsinfo. 
How To Complete Form I-129F
1. Type or print legibly in black ink.
2. If you need extra space to complete any item within this petition, use the space provided in Part 8. Additional 
Information or attach a separate sheet of paper.  Type or print your name and Alien Registration Number (A-Number) 
(if any) at the top of each sheet; indicate the Page Number, Part Number, and Item Number to which your answer 
refers; and sign and date each sheet. 
3. Answer all questions fully and accurately.  If a question does not apply to you (for example, if you have never been 
married and the question asks, “Provide the name of your current spouse”), type or print “N/A” unless otherwise 
directed.  If your answer to a question which requires a numeric response is zero or none (for example, “How many 
children do you have” or “How many times have you departed the United States”), type or print “None” unless 
otherwise directed. 
Specific Instructions
Part 1.  Information About You
Item Number 1.  Alien Registration Number (A-Number) (if any).  Provide your A-Number.  We use your A-Number 
to identify your immigration records.  It begins with an “A” and can be found on correspondence you have received from 
the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) or USCIS.  If you do not have an A-Number, type or print “N/A.”
Item Number
 2.  USCIS Online Account Number.  You will only have a USCIS Online Account Number (OAN) if you 
previously filed a form that has a receipt number that begins with IOE.  If you filed the form online, you can find your 
OAN in your account profile.  If you mailed us the form, you can find your OAN at the top of the Account Access Notice 
we sent you.  If you do not have a receipt number that begins with IOE, you do not have an OAN.  The OAN is not the 
same as an 
A-Number.
Item Number 3.  U.S. Social Security Number (if any).  Provide your U.S. Social Security Number.
Item Numbers 4.a. - 5.  Classification Requested.  Select the box that indicates whether you are filing for your fiancé(e) 
or your spouse.  If you are filing for your spouse, indicate whether you have filed Form I-130 on that beneficiary’s behalf.  
Y
ou must include evidence that you filed Form I-130.  Evidence may include a concurrently filed Form I-130, a Form 
I-797 Receipt or Approval Notice for Form I-130, a printout from the USCIS website showing a pending or approved 
Form I-130, or the receipt number for your Form I-130.
Item Numbers 6.a. - 6.c.  Your Full Name.  Provide your full legal name.
Item Numbers 7.a. - 7.c.  Other Names Used.  Provide any other names you have used including your aliases, maiden 
name, and nicknames.  If you have used additional names, provide them in Part 8. Additional Information.
Item Numbers 8.a. - 8.j.  Your Mailing Address.  Provide the address where you would like to receive written 
correspondence regarding your petition.
Item Numbers 9.a. - 12.b.  Your Address History.  Provide the addresses for the places you have resided over the last 
five years.
Item Numbers 13. - 20.b.  Your Employment History.  Provide the names and addresses of your employers, your 
occupations, and the dates of employment for the jobs you have held over the last five years.
Item Number 21.  Sex.  Indicate whether you are male or female as provided on your birth certificate issued at the time of 
birth or issued closest to the time of birth or in secondary evidence you provided to USCIS, if applicable.
Item Number 22.  Date of Birth.  Provide your date of birth in mm/dd/yyyy format.
Item Number 23.  Marital Status.  Indicate your current marital status.
Item Numbers 24. - 26.  Place of Birth.  Provide the name of the city or town, province or state, and country where you 
were born.
Item Numbers 27.a. - 36.b.  Information About Your Parents.  Provide each of your parents’ full names, dates of birth, 
places of birth, and current cities/town/villages and countries of residence.
Item Numbers 37. - 39.  Name of Previous Spouse.  Indicate whether you have been previously married.  If you 
answered “Yes,” provide the full names of each previous spouse and the date that each marriage ended.  If you have more 
than one previous spouse, use Part 8. Additional Information to respond to these questions for each person.
Item Numbers 40.a. - 42.c.  Your Citizenship Information.  Select the box that describes how you obtained your U.S. 
citizenship.  Indicate whether you obtained a Certificate of Naturalization or a Certificate of Citizenship and provide the 
date and place the document was issued.
Item Numbers 43. - 47.  Previous Filings.  Indicate whether you have ever filed another Form I-129F for any other 
spouse or fiancé(e).  If you respond “Yes,” provide that person’s full name and the person’s A-Number (if any).  Provide 
the date you filed the petition and the final action taken (for example, petition approved, denied, revoked, or withdrawn).  
If you have filed for more than one previous spouse or fiancé(e), use Part 8. Additional Information to respond to these 
questions for each beneficiary.
Item Numbers 48. - 49.b.  Ages of Children.  Indicate whether you have any children under 18 years of age.  If you 
answered “Yes,” provide the age for each of your children under 18 years of age.  If you need extra space to complete this 
section, use the space provided in Part 8. Additional Information.
Item Numbers 50.a. - 51.b.  Places You Have Resided.  Provide all of the U.S. states and foreign countries in which you 
have resided since you reached 18 years of age.  If you need extra space to complete this section, use the space provided 
in Part 8. Additional Information.
Part 2.  Information About Your Beneficiary
Item Numbers 1.a. - 1.c.  Your Beneficiary’s Full Name.  Provide your beneficiary’s full legal name.
Item Number 2.  A-Number (if any).  Provide your beneficiary’s A-Number.  We use your A-Number to identify your 
beneficiary’s immigration records.  It begins with an “A” and can be found on correspondence your beneficiary has 
received from the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) or USCIS.  If you do not have an A-Number
 , type or print 
“N/A.”
Item Number 3.  U.S. Social Security Number (if any).  Provide your beneficiary’s U.S. Social Security Number. 
Item Number 4.  Date of Birth.  Provide your beneficiary’s date of birth in mm/dd/yyyy format.
Item Number 5.  Sex.  Indicate whether you are male or female as provided on your birth certificate issued at the time of 
birth or issued closest to the time of birth or in secondary evidence you provided to USCIS, if applicable.
Item Number 6.  Marital Status.  Indicate your beneficiary’s current marital status.
Item Numbers 7. - 9.  Place of Birth.  Provide the name of the city or town and country where your beneficiary was 
born.  If your beneficiary does not have citizenship in any country, type or print “stateless” and provide an explanation in       
Part 8. Additional Information.
Item Numbers 10.a - 10.c.  Other Names Used.  Provide any other names your beneficiary may have used including 
their aliases, maiden name, and nicknames.  If you need extra space to complete this section, use the space provided in 
Part 8. Additional Information.
Item Numbers 11.a. - 11.i.  Mailing Address for Your Beneficiary.  Provide your beneficiary’s current mailing address.  
Provide the mailing address in the United States, if he or she has one.
Item Numbers 12.a. - 15.b.  Your Beneficiary’s Address History.  Provide the addresses for the places your beneficiary 
has resided over the last five years.
Item Numbers 16. - 23.b.  Your Beneficiary’s Employment History.  Provide the names and addresses of your 
beneficiary’s employers, occupations, and the dates of employment for the jobs your beneficiary has held over the last five 
years.
Item Number 24.a. - 33.b.  Information About Your Beneficiary’s Parents.  Provide each of your beneficiary’s parents’ 
full names, dates of birth, places of birth, and current cities and countries of residence.
Item Numbers 34. - 36.  Name of Previous Spouse.  Indicate whether your beneficiary has ever been previously married.  
If you answered “Yes,” provide the full name of your beneficiary’s previous spouse and the date that each marriage ended.  
If your beneficiary has more than one previous spouse, use the space provided in Part 8. Additional Information to 
respond to these questions for each spouse.
Item Numbers 37. - 38.h.  Form I-94 Arrival/Departure Record.  If U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) or 
USCIS issued you a Form I-94, Arrival/Departure Record, provide your Form I-94 number and date that your authorized 
period of stay expires or expired (as shown on your Form I-94).  The Form I-94 number also is known as the Departure 
Number on some versions of Form I-94.
NOTE:  You may visit the CBP website at www.cbp.gov/i94 to obtain a paper version of an electronic Form I-94 
if needed. If you cannot obtain the Form I-94 from the CBP website, it may be obtained by filing Form I-102, 
Application for Replacement/Initial Nonimmigrant Arrival-Departure Record, with USCIS. See Form G-1055, 
available at www.uscis.gov/forms, for specific information about the fees applicable to Form I-102.
Item Numbers 39. - 44.h.  Children of Beneficiary.  Indicate whether your beneficiary has any children.  If you 
answered “Yes,” provide information about each child of your beneficiary.  Include the child’s full name, country of 
birth, and date of birth.  If the child resides at a different address than your beneficiary, provide the address where the 
child currently resides.  If your beneficiary has more than one child, use Part 8. Additional Information to respond to 
Item Numbers 40.a. - 44.h. for each child.  Item Numbers 45.a. - 46.  Address in the United States Where Your 
Beneficiary Intends to Live.  Provide the address and daytime telephone number where your beneficiary intends to live 
when he/she arrives in the United States.
Item Numbers 47.a. - 48.  Your Beneficiary’s Physical Address Abroad.  Provide the address and daytime telephone 
number where your beneficiary currently resides abroad.
Item Numbers 49.a. - 50.f.  Your Beneficiary’s Name and Address in His or Her Native Alphabet.  If your 
beneficiary’s native alphabet does not use Roman letters, provide his or her name and physical address abroad in the 
native alphabet.  Otherwise, skip to the next question (Item Number 51.).
Item Numbers 51. - 52.  Is Your Beneficiary Related to You?  Indicate whether you and your beneficiary have a familial 
relationship and if so, describe the nature and degree of relationship (for example, second cousins, maternal aunt or uncle).  
Select “N/A” if the beneficiary is your spouse.
Item Numbers 53. - 54.  Have you and your fiancé(e) met in person during the two years immediately before 
filing this petition?  Indicate whether you and your fiancé(e) have seen each other in person during the two year period 
immediately before to filing your petition.  Select “N/A” if the beneficiary is your spouse.
If you respond “Yes” to Item Number 53., use Item Number 54. to describe the circumstances of your in-person 
meeting.  Attach evidence to demonstrate that you were in each other’s physical presence during the required two year 
period.  If you need extra space to complete this section, use the space provided in Part 8. Additional Information.
If you respond “No” to Item Number 53., explain in detail any reasons you may have for requesting an exemption 
from the requirement that you and your fiancé(e) must have met in person during the two years immediately before 
filing this petition in Item Number 54.  You must request a waiver and demonstrate that meeting in person would have 
posed an extreme hardship on you or violated strict and long-established customs of your fiancé(e)’s foreign culture or 
social practice, and that any and all aspects of the traditional arrangements have been or will be met in accordance with 
the custom or practice.  Include evidence to support your claim.  Evidence may include things like medical records, 
statements from religious leaders, or evidence of immediate danger.  If you need extra space to complete this section, use 
the space provided in Part 8. Additional Information.
Select “N/A” in Item Number 53. if the beneficiary is your spouse.
Item Numbers 55. - 61.  International Marriage Broker (IMB) Information.  Indicate whether you met your 
beneficiary through the service of an IMB.  If you respond “Yes,” provide the IMB’s name, organization name, website, 
mailing address, and daytime telephone number.  For more information, including the definition of “international marriage 
broker,” refer to the What are the Requirements of the International Marriage Broker Regulation Act section of 
these Instructions.
NOTE:  You must also provide a copy of the signed, written consent form that the IMB obtained from your beneficiary 
that authorized the release of the beneficiary’s personal contact information to you.  If the consent form is written in any 
language other than English, you must provide a certified English translation with the form.
Item Numbers 62.a. - 62.b.  U.S. Embassy or U.S. Consulate Requested.  Provide the city or town and country of the 
U.S. Embassy or U.S. Consulate where your beneficiary will apply for his or her visa.
NOTE:  Designation of a U.S. Embassy or U.S. Consulate outside the country in which your beneficiary resides does not 
guarantee acceptance for processing by that foreign post.  Acceptance is at the discretion of the designated U.S. Embassy 
or U.S. Consulate.
NOTE:  Under U.S. immigration law, a foreign national who marries a U.S. citizen outside the United States and seeks 
a K-3 visa must apply for the K-3 visa in the country where the marriage took place.  In the event you and your spouse 
were married in the United States, you must list the country of your spouse’s (beneficiary’
 s) current residence provided in       
Part 2., Item Numbers 47.a. - 47.f.
Part 3.  Other Information
Item Numbers 1. - 3.c.  Criminal Information.  Indicate whether you have ever been the subject of a temporary or 
permanent protection order or restraining order (either civil or criminal) related to any of the crimes specified below, or 
arrested, or convicted of any of the crimes specified below.  If you were ever arrested or convicted of any of the specified 
crimes, you must submit certified copies of all court and police records showing the charges and disposition for every arrest 
or conviction.  You must do so even if your records were sealed, expunged, or otherwise cleared, and regardless of whether 
anyone, including a judge, law enforcement officer, or attorney, informed you that you no longer have a criminal record.
1. Specified Crimes
A. Convictions for domestic violence, sexual assault, child abuse or child neglect, dating violence, elder abuse, and 
stalking or an attempt to commit any such crime:
NOTE:  The term “domestic violence” includes felony or misdemeanor crime of violence committed by a person.
(1) Who is a current or former spouse of the victim;
(2) With whom the victim shares a child in common;
(3) Who is cohabitating with or has cohabitated with the victim;
(4) Who is similarly situated to a spouse of the victim under the domestic or family violence laws of the relevant 
jurisdiction; or
(5) Against whom the victim is protected under the jurisdiction’s domestic or family violence laws.
B. Convictions for homicide, murder, manslaughter, rape, abusive sexual contact, sexual exploitation, incest, torture, 
trafficking, peonage, holding hostage, involuntary servitude, slave trade, kidnapping, abduction, unlawful criminal 
restraint, false imprisonment, or an attempt to commit any of these crimes.
C. At least three convictions for crimes relating to a controlled substance or alcohol not arising from a single act.
D. Disclosure of criminal history to beneficiary.  If your petition is approved, USCIS will provide a copy of your petition, 
including the information you submit regarding any protection or restraining orders or criminal history to DOS 
for distribution to the beneficiary of your petition.  USCIS also will provide to DOS any criminal background 
information discovered independently while adjudicating this petition for disclosure to your beneficiary.
NOTE:  The name and contact information of any person who was granted a protection or restraining order against 
you, or of any victim of a crime of violence you perpetrated, will remain confidential.  However, DOS will disclose 
your relationship to this person or victim (for example, spouse, parent, former spouse) to the beneficiary.
Item Number 4.a.  Criminal Information.  Indicate whether you have ever been arrested, cited, charged, indicted, 
convicted, fined, or imprisoned for breaking or violating any law or ordinance in any country, for any offenses other than 
those you have already outlined in the previous section.  Unless a traffic incident was alcohol- or drug-related or involved 
a fine of $500 or more, you do not need to provide information on it.  
Item Number 4.b.  Criminal History Documents.  If you indicated “Yes” in Item Number 4.a., provide information 
that explains the circumstances, places, dates, and outcomes for each incident of arrest, citation, charge, indictment, 
conviction, fine, or imprisonment.  You must submit court certified copies of the arrest record and/or disposition for each 
incident unless you submit a certified statement from the court indicating that no record exists of your arrest, citation, 
charge, indictment, conviction, fine, or imprisonment.
If you need extra space to complete this section, use the space provided in Part 8. Additional Information.
Item Numbers 5.a. - 5.d.  Multiple Filer Waiver Request.  You must request a waiver of the International Marriage 
Broker Regulation Act (IMBRA) filing limitations if:
1. You are filing this petition on behalf of your fiancé(e) and you previously filed Form I-129Fs on behalf of two or more 
fiancé(e) beneficiaries; or
2. You are filing this petition on behalf of your fiancé(e), you have previously had a Form I-129F approved, and less than 
two years have passed since the filing date of your previously approved petition.
Select the box that indicates the waiver you are requesting.  You may request and support your waiver with additional 
information and/or explanation in Part 8. Additional Information, or by attaching a signed and dated letter according to 
the instructions for Part 8.
If you are filing for your spouse, waivers are not required.  Select the box for Item Number 5.d. and skip to Part 4.
Types of Waivers
Item Number 5.a.  General Waiver.  If you have never been convicted of a violent criminal offense against a person or 
persons, submit evidence to show why a waiver is appropriate in your case.
Examples of such evidence may include, but are not limited to:  a death certificate, police reports, news articles, or 
medical reports from a licensed medical professional regarding the death or incapacity of your previous fiancé(e) who 
was the beneficiary of a fiancé(e) petition you filed.
Item Number 5.b.  Extraordinary Circumstances Waiver.  If you have ever been convicted of a violent criminal 
offense against a person or persons, USCIS will not grant a filing limitations waiver unless you submit evidence to 
demonstrate that extraordinary circumstances exist.  In addition to evidence explaining the reasons for your multiple 
filings, you must also submit evidence of extraordinary circumstances.
Examples of such evidence may include, but are not limited to:  police reports, court records, news articles, trial 
transcripts reflecting the nature and circumstances surrounding your violent criminal offenses, your rehabilitation, ties to 
the community, or records demonstrating good conduct and exemplary service in the uniformed services.
Item Number 5.c.  Mandatory Waiver.  If you committed violent criminal offenses against a person or persons, but were 
battered or subjected to extreme cruelty by a family member or intimate partner at the time you committed your violent 
offenses, and you were not the primary perpetrator of violence in the relationship, you may still be eligible for a waiver 
if USCIS determines that you violated a protection order intended for your protection; you were acting in self-defense; or 
you committed, were arrested for, were convicted of, or pleaded guilty to committing a crime that did not result in serious 
bodily injury and there was a connection between the crime committed and you having been battered or subjected to 
extreme cruelty.  You must submit evidence explaining the reasons for your multiple filings, as well as evidence to support 
a finding that you qualify for a mandatory waiver based on being subjected to battery or extreme cruelty.
Examples of such evidence may include, but are not limited to:  police reports, court records, news articles, trial 
transcripts, evidence you acted in self-defense, evidence you were a victim of abuse or battery
 , evidence you violated a 
protection order intended for your protection, and any credible evidence that is relevant to your request for a waiver.
USCIS cannot approve your petition unless a waiver of the multiple-filing limitation is granted.
Part 4.  Biographic Information
Provide the biographic information requested.  Providing this information as part of your petition may reduce the time 
you spend at your USCIS ASC appointment as described in the Biometric Services Appointment section of these 
Instructions.
Item Numbers 1. - 2.  Ethnicity and Race.  Select the boxes that best describe your ethnicity and race.
Categories and Definitions for Ethnicity and Race
1. Hispanic or Latino.  A person of Cuban, Mexican, Puerto Rican, South or Central American, or other Spanish culture 
or origin, regardless of race.  (NOTE:  This category is only included under Ethnicity in Part 4., Item Number 1.)
2. American Indian or Alaska Native.  A person having origins in any of the original peoples of North and South 
America (including Central America), and who maintains tribal affiliation or community attachment.
3. Asian.  A person having origins in any of the original peoples of the Far East, Southeast Asia, or the Indian 
subcontinent including, for example, Cambodia, China, India, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Pakistan, the Philippine 
Islands, Thailand, and Vietnam..
4. Black or African American.  A person having origins in any of the black racial groups of Africa.
5. Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander.  A person having origins in any of the original peoples of Hawaii, 
Guam, Samoa, or other Pacific Islands.
6. White.  A person having origins in any of the original peoples of Europe, the Middle East, or North Africa.
Item Number 3.  Height.  Select the values that best match your height in feet and inches.  For example, if you are five 
feet and nine inches, select “5” for feet and “09” for inches.  Do not enter your height in meters or centimeters.
Item Number 4.  Weight.  Enter your weight in pounds.  If you do not know your weight, or need to enter a weight under 
30 pounds or over 699 pounds, enter “000.”  Do not enter your weight in kilograms.
Item Number 5.  Eye Color.  Select the box that best describes the color of your eyes.
Item Number 6.  Hair Color.  Select the box that best describes the color of your hair.
Part 5.  Petitioner’s Statement, Contact Information, Declaration, Certification, and Signature
Item Numbers 1.a. - 6.b.  Select the appropriate box to indicate whether you read this petition yourself or whether you 
had an interpreter assist you.  If someone assisted you in completing the petition, select the box indicating that you used 
a preparer.  Further, you must sign and date your petition and provide your daytime telephone number, mobile telephone 
number (if any), and email address (if any).  Every petition MUST contain the signature of the petitioner (or parent or 
legal guardian, if applicable).  A stamped or typewritten name in place of a signature is not acceptable.
Part 6.  Interpreter’s Contact Information, Certification, and Signature
Item Numbers 1.a. - 7.b.  If you used anyone as an interpreter to read the Instructions and questions on this petition to 
you in a language in which you are fluent, the interpreter must fill out this section; provide his or her name, the name and 
address of his or her business or organization (if any), his or her daytime telephone number, his or her mobile telephone 
number (if any), and his or her email address (if any).  The interpreter must sign and date the petition.
Part 7.  Contact Information, Declaration, and Signature of the Person Preparing this Petition, if Other Than the 
Petitioner
Item Numbers 1.a. - 8.b.  This section must contain the signature of the person who completed your petition, if other than 
you, the petitioner.  If the same individual acted as your interpreter and your preparer, that person should complete both 
Part 6. and Part 7.  If the person who completed this petition is associated with a business or organization, that person 
should complete the business or organization name and address information.  Anyone who helped you complete this 
petition MUST sign and date the petition.  A stamped or typewritten name in place of a signature is not acceptable.  If the 
person who helped you prepare your petition is an attorney or accredited representative, he or she may also need to submit 
a completed Form G-28, Notice of Entry of Appearance as Attorney or Accredited Representative, or Form G-28I, Notice 
of Entry of Appearance as Attorney In Matters Outside the Geographical Confines of the United States, along with your 
petition.
We recommend that you review your copy of your completed petition before you go to your 
biometric services appointment at a USCIS ASC.  At your appointment, USCIS will allow you to 
complete the petition process only if you are able to confirm, under penalty of perjury, that all of the 
information in your petition is complete, true, and correct.  If you are not able to make that attestation in 
good faith at that time, we will require you to return for another appointment.
What are the Requirements of the International Marriage Broker Regulation Act?
Under the International Marriage Broker Regulation Act (IMBRA), U.S. citizen petitioners are required to disclose 
information on any permanent protection or restraining order (civil or criminal) related to any specified crime described 
in Part 3. of these Instructions, and information on any convictions for any specified crime described in Part 3. of these 
Instructions.  In addition, IMBRA requires USCIS to maintain a database to track multiple Form I-129Fs filed by the 
same petitioner.  USCIS will notify petitioners upon approval of a second Form I-129F petition they filed and that their 
information has been entered into a multiple-visa petition tracking database.  USCIS will enter into this database all 
additional Form I-129Fs that the petitioner files.
Once a petitioner has had two Form I-129Fs approved, and if an additional Form I-129F is filed less than 10 years after 
the date the first Form I-129F was filed, USCIS will notify both the petitioner and the beneficiary of the number of 
previously approved petitions listed in the database.
IMBRA also imposes requirements on IMBs.  IMBs are required to obtain background checks on their U.S. clients and 
disclose the results of those checks to the foreign national clients before obtaining a foreign national’s consent to disclose 
his or her personal contact information to a U.S. client.
NOTE:  The term “international marriage broker” and “IMB” refer to a corporation, partnership, business, individual, 
or other legal entity, whether or not organized under any law of the United States, that charges fees to provide dating, 
matrimonial or matchmaking services, or provide social referrals between U.S. citizens/lawful permanent residents and 
foreign national clients by providing personal contact information or otherwise facilitating communication between 
individuals.
The term is not used to refer to:
1. Traditional matchmaking organizations of a cultural or religious nature that operate on a non-profit basis and in 
compliance with the laws of the countries in which they operate, including the laws of the United States; or
2. Entities that provide dating services, but only if:
A. Their principal business does not provide international dating services between U.S. citizens or lawful permanent 
residents and foreign nationals; and
B. They charge comparable rates and offer comparable services to all individuals served regardless of sex or country 
of citizenship or nationality.
What Evidence Must You Submit?
You must submit all evidence requested in these Instructions with your petition.  If you fail to submit required evidence, 
USCIS may reject or deny your petition for failure to submit requested evidence or supporting documents in accordance 
with 8 CFR part 103.2(b)(1) and these Instructions.
Submit the primary evidence listed below to support your petition.  If a primary evidence document is not available, you 
must submit a statement from the appropriate civil authority certifying that the primary evidence is not available.
You must then submit secondary evidence such as church or school records, baptismal certificates, U.S. census records, or 
other evidence to support your claim.  If you can establish that secondary evidence is not available, you may submit two 
or more sworn affidavits by persons who are not parties to your petition, who were living at the time of the event, and who 
have direct personal knowledge of the event. 
For additional information on required documentation, see the USCIS website at www.uscis.gov/I-129F or refer to the 
regulations in 8 CFR 214.2(k) that governs petitions for nonimmigrant alien fiancé(e)s and spouses.
3. Evidence of U.S. citizenship which may include any of the following: 
A. A copy of your birth certificate issued by a U.S. civil authority;
B. A copy of your original Certificate of Naturalization;
C. A copy of your original Certificate of Citizenship;
D. A copy of your Form FS-240, Report of Birth Abroad of a Citizen of the United States;
E. A copy of your valid, unexpired U.S. passport or passport card issued with a validity period of at least five years; 
or
F. A statement executed by a U.S. consular officer certifying that you are a U.S. citizen and the bearer of a currently 
valid U.S. passport.
4. Termination of Previous Marriages
If either you or your beneficiary were married before, submit evidence that all previous marriages were legally 
terminated.  Evidence of termination of previous marriages may include a divorce decree, annulment, or death 
certificate issued by a civil authority.
5. Photographs
You must submit one color passport-style photograph of yourself and one color passport-style photograph of the 
beneficiary taken within 30 days of filing this petition.  The photos must have a white to off-white background, be 
printed on thin paper with a glossy finish, and be unmounted and unretouched.  
The color passport-style photos must be 2 by 2 inches.  The photos must be in color with full face, frontal view on a 
white to off-white background.  Head height should measure 1 to 1 3/8 inches from top of hair to bottom of chin, and 
eye height is between 1 1/8 to 1 3/8 inches from bottom of photo.  Y
 our head must be bare unless you are wearing 
headwear as required by a religious denomination of which you are a member.  Using a pencil or felt pen, lightly print 
your name and A-Number (if any) on the back of the photo.
6. Evidence of Legal Name Change
If either you or your beneficiary use a name other than the one shown on evidence submitted in support of your 
petition, you must submit copies of the legal documents (such as a marriage certificate, adoption decree, or court 
order) reflecting the legal name change.
7. Form I-94 Arrival/Departure Record
If U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) or USCIS issued you a Form I-94, Arrival/Departure Record, provide 
your Form I-94 number and date that your authorized period of stay expires or expired (as shown on your Form I-94). 
The Form I-94 number also is known as the Departure Number on some versions of Form I-94.
NOTE:  You may visit the CBP website at www.cbp.gov/i94 to obtain a paper version of an electronic Form I-94 
if needed. If you cannot obtain the Form I-94 from the CBP website, it may be obtained by filing Form I-102, 
Application for Replacement/Initial Nonimmigrant Arrival-Departure Record, with USCIS. See Form G-1055, 
available at www.uscis.gov/forms, for specific information about the fees applicable to Form I-102.
Passport and Travel Document Numbers.  If your beneficiary used a passport or travel document to travel to the 
United States, enter the passport or travel document information in the appropriate space on the petition, even if the 
passport or travel document is currently expired.
8. Evidence for Petitions to Classify a Fiancé(e) as a K-1 Nonimmigrant
In addition to the evidence described above, you must submit evidence of:
A. Intention to Marry Within 90 Days of Entry.  Submit evidence that you and your fiancé(e) intend to marry 
within 90 days of your fiancé(e)’s entry as a K-1 nonimmigrant.  Evidence of your intention to marry may include 
statements of intent to marry signed by both you and your fiancé(e) or any other evidence that establishes, by a 
preponderance of the evidence, your mutual intention; and
B. In-Person Meeting.  Submit evidence that you and your fiancé(e) met in person during the 2-year period 
immediately before you filed this petition.  Evidence of this meeting may include, but is not limited to, a 
written statement from you and/or your fiancé(e) stating the circumstances of your meeting, a copy of airline 
tickets, passport pages, or other evidence.  If you believe you qualify for an exception to the in-person meeting 
requirement, submit evidence in support of the exception.  
If you claim that the in-person meeting requirement would result in extreme hardship to you, submit evidence to 
support your claim.  
If you claim that the in-person meeting requirement would violate strict and long-established customs of 
your fiancé(e)’s foreign culture or social practice, include evidence that any and all aspects of the traditional 
arrangements have been or will be met in accordance with the custom or practice. 
9. Evidence for Petitions to Classify a Spouse as a K-3 Nonimmigrant
In addition to the evidence described in Items 1. - 5. above, you must submit:
A. Form I-130.  Submit evidence that you filed Form I-130 on behalf of your beneficiary; and
B. Marriage Certificate.  Submit a marriage certificate, issued by the appropriate civil authority, showing your valid 
marriage to the beneficiary.
NOTE:  You do not need to file Form I-130 on behalf of the child of a K-3 beneficiary in order for the child to obtain 
a K-4 visa.  However, a K-4 nonimmigrant is only eligible to adjust to lawful permanent resident status if he or she is 
under 18 years of age when you and the K-3 parent marry and you file Form I-130 petition on the K-4’s behalf before 
the K-4 reaches 21 years of age.
Where To File?
Please see our website at www.uscis.gov/i-129f for the most current information about where to file this petition.
Address Change
If you are not a U.S. citizen, you must notify USCIS of your new address within 10 days of moving from your previous 
residence.  For information on changing your address, go to our website at www.uscis.gov/addresschange, or call the 
USCIS Contact Center.
NOTE:  Do not submit a change of address request to the USCIS Lockbox.
Processing Information
Initial Processing.  Once USCIS accepts your petition, we will check it for completeness.  If you do not properly 
complete this petition, you will not establish a basis for your eligibility and we may reject or deny your petition.
Requests for More Information.  USCIS may request that you provide more information or evidence to support your 
petition.  We may also request that you provide the originals of any copies you submit.  If we request an original document 
from you, we will return it to you after USCIS determines it is no longer needed.
Requests for Interview.  We may request that you appear at a USCIS office for an interview based on your petition. 
During your interview, USCIS may require you to provide your biometrics to verify your identity and/or update 
background and security checks.
Decision.  The decision on Form I-129F involves a determination of whether you have established eligibility for the 
immigration benefit you are seeking.  USCIS will notify you of our decision in writing.
USCIS Forms and Information
To ensure you are using the latest version of this petition, visit www.uscis.gov.
Penalties
If you knowingly and willfully falsify or conceal a material fact or submit a false document with your Form I-129F, we 
will deny your petition and may deny any other immigration benefit.  In addition, you will face severe penalties provided 
by law and may be subject to criminal prosecution.
USCIS Compliance Review and Monitoring
By signing this petition, you have stated under penalty of perjury (28 U.S.C. section 1746) that all information and 
documentation submitted with this petition are complete, true, and correct.  You also authorize the release of any 
information from your records that USCIS may need to determine your eligibility for the immigration benefit you are 
seeking and consent to USCIS verifying such information.
The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) has the authority to verify any information you submit to establish 
eligibility for the immigration benefit you are seeking at any time.  Our legal authority to verify this information is in  
8 U.S.C. sections 1103, 1155, and 1184, and 8 CFR Parts 103, 204, 205, and 214.  To ensure compliance with applicable 
laws and authorities, we may verify information before or after your case is decided.
Agency verification methods may include, but are not limited to:  reviewing public records and information; contacting 
through written correspondence, using the Internet, fax, other electronic transmission, or telephone; making unannounced 
physical site inspections of residences and locations of employment; and interviewing people.  USCIS will use the 
information we obtain to assess your compliance with the laws and to determine your eligibility for an immigration 
benefit.
Subject to the restrictions under 8 CFR 103.2(b)(16), USCIS will provide you with an opportunity to address any adverse 
or derogatory information that may result from a compliance review, verification, or site visit before a decision is made 
on your request.  For a visit after your request is approved, USCIS will provide you with an opportunity to address any 
adverse or derogatory information which may result in revocation or termination of an approval.
DHS Privacy Notice
AUTHORITIES:  The information requested on this petition, and the associated evidence, is collected under the 
Immigration and Nationality Act sections 214(d) and 8 Code of Federal Regulations 214.2(k).
PURPOSE:  The primary purpose for providing the requested information on this petition is to petition USCIS for your 
fiancé(e)/spouse and that person’s children to enter the United States.  DHS uses the information you provide to grant or 
deny the benefit you are seeking.
DISCLOSURE:  The information you provide is voluntary.  However, failure to provide the requested information, 
including your Social Security number, and any requested evidence, may delay a final decision or result in denial of your 
petition.
ROUTINE USES:  DHS may share the information you provide on this petition and any additional requested evidence 
with other Federal, state, local, and foreign government agencies and authorized organizations.  DHS follows approved 
routine uses described in the associated published system of records notices [DHS/USCIS/ICE/CBP-001 - Alien File, 
Index, and National File Tracking System, DHS/USCIS-007 - Benefits Information System, and DHS/USCIS-018 
Immigration Biometric and Background Check] and the published privacy impact assessment [DHS/USCIS/PIA-
016(a) Computer Linked Application Information Management System and Associated Systems], which can be found                 
at www.dhs.gov/privacy.  DHS may also share this information as appropriate for law enforcement purposes or in the 
interest of national security.
Paperwork Reduction Act
USCIS may not conduct or sponsor an information collection, and you are not required to respond to a collection 
of information, unless it displays a currently valid Office of Management and Budget (OMB) control number.  The 
public reporting burden for this collection of information is estimated at 3.067 hours per response, including the time 
for reviewing instructions, gathering the required documentation and information, completing the petition, preparing 
statements, attaching necessary documentation, and submitting the petition.  The collection of biometrics is estimated to 
require 1 hour and 10 minutes.  Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this collection of 
information, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:  U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, Office of 
Policy and Strategy
, Regulatory Coordination Division, 5900 Capital Gateway Drive, Mail Stop #2140, Camp Springs, 
MD 20588-0009; OMB No. 1615-0001.  Do not mail your completed Form I-129F to this address.